Same pattern.
What are you showing us now?
Decorative doorknobs from the turn of the century.
Aren't those beautiful?
Those are gorgeous.
Cast bronze.
How many people you think would want one of these on your house?
Lots of people.
Those are quite beautiful.
These were made by the BLW company.
Branford Lock Company, that's what it is.
And Branford merged into Yale in 1892.
It was bought out by Yale.
You're welcome.
Yeah.
This is an old Branford.
I had a catalog, sir.
I didn't know why I could get a J. Rosen.
Got a mad crook.
I trusted him.
Yeah, he's pretty good.
If I had the choice, I wouldn't have kept my money out.
They hid it, you see.
I'd have never left the American out of Miami.
He ain't got about it.
Goddamn, he had three sets of keys made of mine.
I could have come out there if I had been a damn dove.
And we tied them around in trees out there.
He said, you only have plenty of keys.
Well, he had that mine all the time, so he'd steal that goddamn one.
He went there and got that key out of the, out of the spruce trees.
I said, it was gone.
This is from about 1885.
That other lock set was from about 189.
I don't think that'd be too smart anyway, tying the key and the tree.
Well, I should have caught all of that, but I had three sets of keys made.
I said, you're allowed to lose some of these keys.
I said, you'll have to pay for them yourself.
Three cents.
Okay.
I had to cut all of that therapy or something, but I was...
They are the Grand Army of Minnesota.
And Governor, I think it's the Governor of Minnesota is sitting there.
He's the guy with a suit.
Was that the Confederate Brigadier General?
His Excellency Canoon Nelson.
He was governor.
That's in 1898.
Amazing.
This is the Sibley House.
That's the oldest house in Minnesota.
Well, that's a professional job.
I had all kinds of historical stuff like this that Rogues just took out of here and probably will sell for eight, ten dollars and nobody will even know what it is, you know.
Here's another picture.
That's beautiful.
It's a watercolor, huh?
It's a watercolor.
I don't think anybody's going to steal them now.
Yeah, I just carry film around.
Is that your personal?
This is where Rhodes stayed?
Yeah, he stole all the doorknobs.
That was his area.
Then we sort of shared this.
This was his dining room.
And he stole these mirrors out.
He couldn't get this one out.
It's too big.
Off the mantel pieces and stripped the chandeliers out of here.
And, you know, beds, and then he took all the, this was just packed for antique furniture, knickknacks and globes and all this thing.
So he really raped the place?
Yeah.
What did you have in here?
Were there books in here?
No, no, they were all antique light fixtures and globes.
Those are beautiful cabinets.
Yeah.
You brought them in or they were here?
Yeah, no, I brought them in here.
Those are wonderful.
There was another big mirror on this.
Like that one.
He took that.
He took the gas electric chandelier.
It had gripped them.
It's a beautiful chandelier.
He stole that.
That's a gorgeous window.
That was here?
Yeah, and there were four other ones in there, and he took those.
The stained glass windows out there.
I'd rather fight than switch from Wolvard.
Yeah, he's the governor of Minnesota.
He was.
No, I don't care.
Kevin, look at this, bud.
Is that a fireplace?
Yeah.
It had a mirror on it like that, but the snitch ripped the mirror off.
Is this open or something?
Yeah, it ripped out.
So where were the books?
Well, I had a desk secretary here.
There were a few here.
And this was my book.
These were my books on numismatics.
And I had some nice bindings.
N-U-M-I-S-M-H-E-I-C-S, numismatics, right?
Yeah.
And I had a big dining room table here, and this was silverware.
He stole all of that.
Boy, he was something.
Look at this, FBI evidence.
Yeah.
Still?
Yeah, maybe they were going to take the cases or something.
These windows are so close to the ground level next to the alley, I blocked them and graded them.
Put screening out there so that nobody could get in, you know.
Who are the kids, the pictures?
I think one of them is David Brooks.
David and Steve Brooks.
And he stole the chandelier out of there.
We'll be upstairs, fellas.
See, I got the doors to it, and I got the combination, but I couldn't get it stood up.
I got it in the house with the car, pushed it up on pipes, and got it in here and steered it in there.
And I had a real elaborate window up there, and oh, it's got that, and there was a lamp on here that was brass that had come up.
Well, you really worked on the place, didn't you?
Yeah, they stole a lamp chandelier.
They stole a window out of there.
And this is the hardware.
Now, the FBI took this one for evidence.
I built this wall and put that in there.
And this is where I had the books.
Wow.
But you see, he stripped the light pictures out.
There's one in here.
Where was the California room that they had?
Right here.
This is it.
This is it?
I had a hundred incunables in there.
That was where they kept the incunables?
I'm going to get a picture of that, if that's okay with you.
Okay, we're in the California one.
Where was the number?
On the lower shelf.
Can I get a picture of you in here?
Can I take out my coat?
Four or three.
Yeah, I'm going to take out my coat too.
Over.
17 rooms.
And this here is the California room where I took the photographs.
We had the Incunerals and the Nuremberg Chronicle in here.
And I think he said he slept in this room.
So he... Steve, this old couch here was your bed?
Yep.
You want me to move this out?
No, it's okay.
When I put it in, I put it in.
I just don't know if it's laying or something like that.
Throw him out.
He's fixing up the shelves here.
And the paper is over.
Now, how did you protect the books of these shelves from sun?
Well, I had grapes on them.
Oh, okay.
Because I'm so sure you were concerned about sunning, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, they'd have been well preserved in here.
It's nice and dry here.
Yeah, but you've got to watch the sun, though, too.
What did you say you kept in this bookcase?
Bindings.
Bindings Americana, right?
Yeah, right.
This was all what?
Bibliographies here.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
The 10 high.
Did you build these?
Yeah.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11.
11 shuttles.
This is where all the boats were off?
We ain't even went that way.
How high were the ceilings?
13 feet.
This was architecture in here.
Mm-hmm.
And periodicals on architecture.
And these were... Oh, that's beautiful.
Oh, he stole the chandelier out of there.
Really?
Yeah, and out of here, too.
That's why all the lights off.
What's this thing, Steve?
Let me get a picture of you with this thing.
It's a magnet.
Did you have maps in there?
No, I had, uh, folios of old photos of Victorian buildings in e-books.
Is there a clip or whatever they have?
No, put your hand on it, too.
Thanks.
See, I had a lot of these letter files that were full of, uh, you know, paper, paper, stuff.
And this, there was a shelf here, but they took it all out to get the stuff through here.
And this was all solid all the way up.
I guess I gotta get a flashlight out of the car.
These are all shelved up, these rows up about the shandwares are out.
That's why they picture the empty shelf.
I'm just going to take a few notes, okay?
Let me just... I wish I could have had you in here before the books were... Don't I wish, huh?
Let me shut this off a little.
Honorable, including Colonel Albert Lee Days, 1941, Albert Lee, Minnesota, honoring Lucy Hermanson, the individual having longest continuous residence in Freeporn County, approved Harold Stassen.
Harold Stassen?
Down in Missouri, Minnesota.
Sure.
Mayor of Albert Lee.
Why do you suppose they left that?
Was that part of the collection?
Yeah, I had manuscripts and stuff.
This was just something I picked up in the Twin Cities.
Well, I know the Dewey system, like 917 is American travel, 972 through 6 is American history.
Uh, 728 is architectural house plans and that.
That's under due in the Library of Congress.
F is American travel, American history.
N-A is architecture.
I memorized all that.
Yeah.
So, uh, I could put my own.
So, it'd be like, uh, call numbers on.
Looks like you're gonna start a library.
Well, I have a library here.
Looks like it.
This is the biggest, probably bigger library than the Des Moines library.
You know, one time I was over talking to the principal over there at the high school, and I wanted to take advantage.
Yeah, and I said, I suggested someday, I said, you know, I got a nice library in my house if someday you're teaching American history or something.
And you have a few people that are scholars and so forth.
They're welcome to come over to the house and do some research.
Wouldn't that have been risky for you?
Oh, I don't know.
I really didn't have anything to hide.
You didn't have anything to hide?
Well, they wouldn't have, you know.
Wow.
These aren't shells?
Yeah, I think they said.
How many would you say you have altogether?
What?
Shells.
Oh, I don't know.
That's where I kept my architectural folios.
In this room, did you have names for these rooms?
No, just that front one.
But you did have the book press.
That is the book press.
I had about five of them.
I had one you could sit down in it like a desk, and it had a drawer.
He stole that.
Now, where is that book press?
Was that a working book press?
You used that?
No, I used them all.
You get a book, and you can stitch the back.
Keep your flashlight on there, and I'll take a picture just so I can focus on it.
How about a picture of you showing the flashlight on the book press?
Just like that.
Here's a wood block I made when I was in high school.
What's this here, Steve, by the way?
Oh, that's just nothing.
Okay.
A wood block you made in high school, right?
Yeah.
Oh, that's beautiful.
How come they didn't take that?
I don't know.
That's lovely.
You made the wood block?
I mean, you drew the picture?
Yeah, I carved it out of linoleum.
A linoleum block, like, and then, you know, used it as a
And you pulled images from this?
Or is that an image?
That's an image.
Do you have any more of these?
Is that it?
Uh-huh, that's it.
That's beautiful.
Did you sign it?
I don't think so.
You want that as a memento?
I'd love it.
I'll frame it.
All right.
I'll treasure it.
Will you sign it for me before we part company?
That's the only one I got.
I remember I did that in 1965.
Could you sign it someplace?
Sure.
Conscribe it to me.
All right.
I have the passion.
See, they left some of my Victrola records, luckily.
But I had, the records were out here in these milk crates.
I had, these were all old record companies, recording company stock catalogs.
Because I had like a run of Victor, Columbia, Pathé, Edison.
Excuse me.
What's that?
Pacific Pastor.
That's something I must have got out of California.
I don't know what it is.
It looks different.
The records are nice.
Yeah.
Now, where are your records?
Well, most of them are in the warehouse.
Yeah, but those don't belong to the feds.
They don't have any right to them, do they?
Well, no, they're in mine.
I've got a warehouse.
Oh, your warehouse.
These are old Edisons.
I've got enough records now at the warehouse.
I could fill this up with records.
This house, you mean?
Well, where they took the books.
Oh, look at that.
I had the original machines for them.
This was the music room here.
This was the music room?
Yeah, I had a line of Victrolas here, those horn Victrolas.
But the feds grabbed all the Victrolas.
Yeah.
What's that?
Is that a chain or something?
What?
Oh, we're just left with a radio.
No, it's a curtain.
She grabs a chandelier out of here.
She said when we were coming down, when we get to a friend of Otumwa, we'd be looking at the skeleton of my life.
Is that your metaphor?
Yeah.
Would you just elaborate on that just a bit?
Is this the skeleton of your life?
Yeah, I agree so.
Well, I lost my old house on Elliott.
I had a house in Minneapolis, a 36-room house.
I had a 36-room house in Minneapolis that the city of Minneapolis wanted people out of, you know, I had roomers in there that they wanted us all out of there for redevelopment and that.
And so I lived in warehouse after warehouse, finally got down here and got a house back in a proper setting to put this stuff in, and now it's
You know, 20 years worth of work and knowledge and accumulation is just stripped out.
It's just bare, you know.
It's just a shell of what was contained here.
How many floors had room, uh, had books in them?
Mostly on this floor.
Look at that.
Isn't that super?
Did you make that?
No, no, no, that's empty.
Put that up some place.
I have books stored up here, but this is sort of a sorting area.
We're going into the attic now.
And you said it was a sorting area?
Yeah.
For new materials.
Well, materials I was taking out of storage.
Oh, jeez.
Are you all right?
How about you?
Okay.
Look at that.
There isn't much up here.
No.
Any books laying on you?
There's a good deal of the towel through the scuttle hole.
Oh, I'll pass on that.
Do you want to look at the towel, Adam?
Yeah, I think it would work.
Just come on by me.
I'm going to go downstairs.
There's some glass-gauge water now.
Now we've got some light here.
Yeah, all right.
See, I've got to put this cresting up on the porch roof.
Wow.
What's that, like an old cabinet?
Yeah, those are old.
Give me a good buy, Adam.
I'm going to go down.
Look at the old jewelry cap through there, son.
I had a lot of jewelry in there, too.
Jewelry?
Yeah, antique jewelry in a lot of years.
Well... You think I'm on the other ranks of the book collectors, huh?
Well, I know you're going to...
be prominent in my book.
And my book is going to be the book about book collecting for the 1990s.
It's going to be published by Random House.
Did you know that?
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know it was published by.
Random House is publishing it.
And Vintage will be doing a paperback a year after the hardcover.
And we'll be imprinting.
You going to send us a book?
Stephen will get an inscribed copy.
And do you know what they did?
Jenkins was not in.
He had this plush office.
This was before he had that fire.
And Parrish just took me in his office and in his vault and said, just spend the day.
And I just spent the afternoon.
Did you really?
Yeah.
Parrish is an interesting character.
Have you heard of Skeet Willingham of Georgia?
That's the story we'll talk about.
It's awful nice, Steve.
Thank you.
Did you have a name for this?
Oh, it says it was a house in Illinois.
That's a picture of a place in Illinois.
But you did that.
Yeah, when I was 16.
Yes.
Do you think you'll get that stained glass one back?
No?
That one was yours, right?
Yeah.
That's kind of the question I had earlier, yeah.
You know, already, uh, even if they, when they go through there and go through Melbourne, the mass percentage of them are, you know.
You think 10,000 at least would come back?
Well, I don't know, because there's a percentage of that stuff that's ex-leepers discard type of stuff, you know.
They're not always marked.
That you picked up at flea markets in place.
Yeah.
Well, from dealers.
I bought them in Cincinnati.
You were in business in Texas, too, right?
Yeah.
Did you ever sell a place down there?
Do you still have a place down there?
Yeah, yeah.
That's full of stuff.
I used to know a guy in Minneapolis named Clark Hansen that got thousands of ex-Lieber's books and sold them.
I bought off them for years.
Well, how do you feel in here?
I'm impressed.
He stole the doorknob off the door, too.
It's not a bad old wallpaper, huh?
Oh, it's probably from the 50s.
Yeah.
Well, you think this is one of those final times you'll probably be in here?
Yeah, if I give him some time, who's going to take care of the place?
But I mean, even in the good case, you think you'd want to stay here?
Oh, yeah, I'll stay here.
Do you like the town?
Yeah, this is all I got.
You can't get a house like this for $16,000 if you place out.
It is quite a nice place, isn't it?
Yeah.
My property goes all the way up to that building.
Do you sense any resentment in the town, in the people in the town?
No, I haven't so far found any.
Did you know people around town?
A few, not too many.
Just that young fella, Carl.
He really didn't have access here.
What was he doing up here?
You mean this is after?
Before they got the search warrant.
He'd come up and pillage through.
What do you think the house was, Stephen?
It's going to be 4,000, huh?
No, there was a light on there.
Grass light come up.
Oh, that's from another stairway.
Let him come, you know, in.
He has to take him in and try to take care of him and that.
And here he's got a bath in his room and he goes and turns you into the FBI.
Sets you up.
Pretty sleazy, isn't it?
Then when he leaves, steals all the light fixtures.
Yeah.
Done their investigation.
Huh?
What's that?
What is that?
Fireplace panel.
It's a fireplace what?
Okay, that's wood?
Yeah.
And that was in an abandoned building in Cincinnati.
You know what I'm looking at, Steve?
They must have sold them in the novelty store by the university.
Yeah, but it's a... It looks like a brass copy of the seal of Cornell University.
And you have another one over there for Pennsylvania.
Oh, it's Penn State?
Yeah.
Are these places that you visited in your travels?
Oh, I've been there.
You have?
Yeah.
But I mean, so they were useful to you.
Well, sort of...
mementos, you know.
But is that the same seal that you see on the book plates or something?
I don't know if it is or not.
Oh, but they're mementos of your visits.
Yeah, but I didn't get them there.
I see.
I'm not getting it.
You know, if I visited a place and I pick up, I'll buy something that's from the place.
You know, you couldn't have got this for $5 in Ithaca, New York.
Of course not, yeah.
That'd be a bad time.
Wow.
Look at all these little short stories books.
Yeah, those are the little out of their library.
They came out in the 20s.
The Phantom, Saw, Wolf, Will O'Donnell, Coming of Arthur, Essays, 50 of the best.
A lot about somebody just by their trash.
A lot of valuable stuff.
And that's not against the law to go through something.
You said you normally go through dumpsters often?
Oh, all the time.
You can learn as much about a person almost by their trash as talking to them.
And that's how you got Clifford stuff?
Yeah.
Where was this out in California?
On the front sidewalk, yeah.
So all this stuff about sending people in the house is baloney.
Yeah.
That didn't sound like you.
That was bad testimony there, by the way.
I was very disturbed by that.
I don't think you've got any keys to work on that box.
Well, we'll see.
They fed shays, I'll tell you that real quick.
We'll see.
More than once.
If I go by there and kind of look at the post office to get a money order, I'd go by there.
So now, like now, were you just doing this out of habit?
Uh, I don't know.
I didn't get a chance to read these.
I just like to... You like paper.
I mean, you're interested in... Well, where were we just now, by the way?
At the Otama High School.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And what do you think could have been a value in there, or of interest?
Well, okay.
I'll give you a scenario.
See this thing here?
Yeah.
What is it?
a parent or legal guardian permission to attend Central College.
Oh, I thought this was an absence excuse.
So what if it was?
OK, well, OK, let's say it's an absence excuse.
And Adam's from Ottumwa, and he needs an excuse to get out of school or something.
Do it right up.
I get you.
Thanks for that one, Steve.
You're always investigating, yeah.
I used to go in the Goodwill box, take off my dirty clothes and leave them in there and just put on some clean ones and pop out.
Don't ever say no sock of penis anymore, do you?
I have them.
I still got some of them.
You used to get your clothes from Goodwill Road?
Oh, yeah.
From the Dropbox.
You know, I just take off a dirty shirt.
So, let's see.
There's the post office.
We're going to hang a left on Packard Ave.
Yeah, I drop by here, you know, every time I drop the post office.
I'm going to back down to the area of your place.
How good are your eyes?
Is that thing moving?
Turn to turn?
Yeah.
OK.
That's nice.
That's a fine press printer.
So why didn't they take these on you?
Oh, I don't know.
That means I got to rewind.
That's the problem.
I'm not telling them anything.
I'm not even telling them I was with you.
You know?
It's between you and me.
If you want to tell them it's your business, but I don't tell my business to other people.
Does that make sense?
Those are beautiful, Stephen.
Do you remember these?
No.
Look, don't you think they came in here?
Sure they would, but it was our books.
So I wanted to be those, I wonder.
I don't know.
Here, Adam.
Just discovered your Mexican books, you said?
Yeah.
And what else?
Political dictionary.
Some of these are pretty old books too, aren't they?
Yeah, these were the bottom of my architecture.
These were what?
These would have gone in the architecture case.
They weren't there yet, they were here.
No, they were in storage here.
I have a lot of stuff in storage.
See, I had windows stacked up like this in the house and he ripped them off.
I'll bet you there are a few good tomes packed away here and there.
What's that?
My accumulations overwhelmed them.
They couldn't get it all.
These are coins.
Well, that's one of those big old dictionaries that they used to have.
Oh, who knows?
These are records.
Does all this stuff have a purpose, Stephen?
Well, I used to sell it and use it to fix up the house, you know?
There's light pictures.
That looks like a hairy trench coat then.
You think what they left behind the house, huh?
Jeez, huh?
What are the 78 records?
Well, how long is that?
What are these?
What do you call these things here?
Chimney pots.
Chimney pots?
Yeah.
What's your federal license plate?
Oh, my God.
That's all money.
Yep.
I just found that.
You heard me over here talking?
Kenny wouldn't have left that one behind, would he?
I had suitcases like this full of money at the house, too.
All full of pennies.
Wheat pennies.
Wheat?
Oh, Wheaties.
Yeah, I thought of Wheaties.
Yeah, these are Wheaties.
Huh?
How's that?
What do them Wheat pennies look like?
What did you say, sir?
I was just going to tell you.
Oh, OK.
What do they look like?
I didn't see them.
Steve, is this the first time you've been here since your arrest?
Yep.
Were there books in here too?
Yeah, on that blank space, there was all... And they're gone, of course.
I've seen Indian...
Yeah, see?
That's an old penny.
I have jars and jars of these things.
Let me get a picture, huh?
I just want to get a picture of Steve.
Can you stop yourself?
Say again, this is the stuff that you collected?
Oh, you've got some here.
Excuse me, sir.
That's my catalog, Ed.
This is beautiful.
This is St.
Johnsbury, Vermont.
I brought these from the Newton Rockwood estate in Minneapolis.
I recognized his handwriting in there.
See all these photos of buildings and them?
See, that was the main thing I was into.
You mean the other days?
Yeah.
That's in my neck of the woods.
I work about 20 miles from Fitchburg.
Hey, Steve.
Yeah?
Oh, let me see it.
James Gordon Bennett.
The old thing still works.
Let's see it.
Oh, yeah, you can take that if you want.
This looks just like the one my dad used to have.
With the deer on it.
Shogs.
Oh, that's gorgeous.
Mr. Pittsfield, New Hampshire.
It still works.
That's a beautiful binder.
Look at them have them on there.
That should have the name of the binder on it.
Actually, now it's only about 40, you know.
[Items shuffled around.]
Yeah.
Look at these books, Steve.
Blast, man, being here all day, looking at everything.
Uh-oh.
$35.
Come and play strip of Richard Platt.
Yeah, sure is.
What is it, a sound history?
Yeah, a regional history.
Oh, look at that, a pre-fire Chicago imprint.
That's very good.
Genealogy and ecclesiastical history.
Genealogy, comma, and ecclesiastical history.
Does it have an author?
Alfred Andrews, Chicago N.I., 1867.
Now, Brad.
See, these aren't ex-Lebers.
It's here in the state of New Hampshire. They got all my local stuff and I'm going to be stuck with all New England stuff. That's not funny. I'm sorry. Midwestern you mean. Yeah i'd rather the Midwestern stuff than this stuff.
Chief of the Pilgrims.
This is all New England.
And for God's sakes, don't tell them there's any books in here.
They'll come and take everything.
I'm not going to tell them a damn thing.
Don't you tell them you were with me today.
You can tell them what you want, but I mean, I'm not going to.
We're going to resurrect the Bloomberg Library again, huh?
We're going to resurrect the Bloomberg Library.
That's funny.
You think so?
Is it going to rise from the ashes?
Oh, I hope so.
But this time you're going to require differently, right?
Yeah.
Well, these were required.
Improbably.
That's Maine.
That's Hartley, Connecticut.
No, this is on Maine.
Crestile Maine?
You know, picturesque.
Oh, picturesque.
I'm sorry.
There is a Prescott.
Yeah, I know.
There's Portland.
These are pretty nice, you know.
These are very, very desirable.
Yeah, I know.
I've seen them go at regional auctions at pretty good places.
People love regional histories.
Yeah, and you can see there isn't a big percentage of them that are bad, you know.
Are you happy to see them here?
Well, a few of them, yeah.
What's left?
But I mean, are you pleased to see that there was something left of your library?
Yeah.
I'm acting like a true big bibliomaniac, ain't I?
You are, aren't you?
Yeah.
What are you doing right now in your mind?
Well, I'm trying to put these back together.
You're looking to see what you've got left.
Yeah.
They left you a couple hundred books.
Isn't that nice of them?
Where's your limo, Steve?
Oh, yeah.
Don't let them know.
Now these doors, you take these to antique shows?
Yeah.
You did Grimfield, huh?
Yeah, I used to do Grimfield.
That's a great place.
Well, I only live about 20 miles from Grimfield.
Oh, you do, huh?
Yeah, I used to set up Quaker's Acres.
Yeah, that's the best free market in America.
It is.
I got a typewriter out of there one year.
It's absolutely wonderful.
It's got its original wooden case.
See, I didn't know all what I had in here myself.
Kentucky Bicentennial.
Books on Mexico, catalog number.
That's an auction.
That's a nice old door, huh?
That wouldn't work on it.
This is my camera catwalk.
I'm going to step out here, OK?
Are you enjoying this?
Yeah.
Wow.
Where do you get all your cardboard boxes?
I buy them from box companies or I'll go into the dumpsters and get them.
What's this old thing here?
Nice old matchbook.
Oh, matchbook.
I collected matchbooks.
In the old days, I don't anymore.
But places are old.
Yeah, can I just take a look over your shoulder?
Oh, that's nice.
Now, did you put this in the album, or is that the way you acquired it?
There's an old copy of Rain of the Fox.
That's very nice.
Oh, that's sweet.
That is sweet.
Joseph Wolf.
London, what's the date?
1855.
Nice.
Very nice.
I got a sense that they quit on you after a while.
Yeah, yeah, that's too much for them.
That's an appropriate book.
Well, they left this much in the house, obviously.
The house was cleaned out, wasn't it?
Yeah.
That's courtesy of the foreman.
I always loved to read copies of Fortune magazine from the Depression.
You could buy a Plymouth 6 for $445.
Take a world cruise.
This is a 1933.
That's Fortune.
That's the year.
It's 1933?
Yeah.
The new Franklin Airman in smart style.
You know, the Empire State Building was completed in New York City in 1931.
My father was there when they were building it.
He was, huh?
Yeah, it's interesting reading Fortune magazine from the mid-30s.
It's kind of an anachronism.
It really is.
Yeah.
Because if you read it, you wouldn't realize it was a depression novel, either.
You know?
Everybody lives beautifully on the pages of Fortune magazine.
Yeah.
Well, a lot of my doorknobs are intact.
That's a Crutzinger knob.
Crutzinger?
Yeah, it's by Metal Compact Casting Company.
That's that one I told you in Boston.
Oh, yeah, that's gorgeous, isn't it?
one that may cast knobs.
That's about 1869.
See, there was a lot of this house and roads stole all this stuff.
You ought to be able to file some charges against him.
I already have.
But you see, they have selective enforcement, and they won't prosecute him.
Yeah, but you can still swear at a criminal complaint, can't you?
Well, I have here a little tunnel, but it's like you say, he's exempt, you know?
Well, maybe the feds say he's exempt, but you can look to the local cops and have to say he's exempt.
Yeah, but he's never going to show his butt down here again.
Yeah, he's gone.
In fact, he's gone now.
These are hurt.
Oh, boy.
Aren't those nice?
Are those aqua tints?
Huh?
Hold this.
Step back.
Are those with those, you think?
Yeah.
Ah, nice.
Wonderful.
Look at that, hold it right there.
Steven, just stay right there.
Thanks.
Oh, they didn't get it all, did they?
What are these, Steve?
I don't know, where's that out of?
Lake City, that's south of Minneapolis.
1882.
Well, it's in beautiful condition.
Oh, and a book of loose-bound newspapers.
I'm surprised you've never been by the American Antiquarian Society.
I was going to go there one time, but I think you've got to be a member to get in there, don't you?
That's not true.
I have a reading class there.
Oh, you do, huh?
Yeah.
I've heard of that.
I'm a reader there.
I'm a reader at Houghton.
I'm a reader at the Newbury.
I'm a reader at the Huntington.
I'm a reader at the British Library.
The best, yeah.
The Bodwellian, huh?
The Bodleian.
Bodleian, huh?
That's at Oxford.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not a real problem.
I've got a bit of slides where I am.
Well, you're a real scholar, aren't you?
Trying.
Well, there are still some noble tomes in here.
Buried someplace.
Well, you have a few assets around here.
Has Mr. Hall been in here before?
What does it cost you to rent a price access, Steve?
$200 a month?
Yeah.
How many square feet?
That's a good size, huh?
That's got to be 30 feet deep.
I'd say you got six, seven, eight hundred square feet here at least.
You think there's any chance I can get what I purchased back from the bastards?
I would hope so.
I mean, I would ask your lawyer to make those inquiries.
Well, he says that I have to go through forfeiture, and they'll make it more expensive than it's worth.
What do you mean forfeiture?
Well, they seize your stuff, you know?
Yeah.
And you have to file legal access to get it, you know?
Shaving stick, look at this.
Well, I got a house to take this up to and sort it.
They left proportionally about this much stuff in Minneapolis, too.
Was that right?
Yeah.
And the house being the strip road, it's got all that material.
Sash lifts.
Whatever?
Sash?
Yeah, window lifts.
Oh, lifts, okay.
This is the tape.
I got a lot of drawing on these.
Isn't that something?
Oh, that's solid.
Now, what did you call it?
They were from the Russell Mellon Manufacturing Company in 1870.
Where do you get these?
Old buildings they were demolishing all years ago.
You just could go in and get them?
Yeah.
Just like that.
Well, I used to buy the salvage rights too, but years ago nobody even cared, you know?
I wonder if he's got that type of stuff.
Save it.
Well, I got a lot of exploring I can do in here, don't I?
Looks like, uh, music for a poem or something.
Panoramas of Towns.
Douglas, Arizona.
D-O-U-G-L-A-S.
I never expected that we do something like this.
I'll be doing something like this today.
Why is that?
I just didn't know you'd call me.
Rio Grande River Port Bliss, thank you.
Yeah, this is great.
They must have shot a number of exposures, huh?
Yeah.
And assumed them to go there or something.
There's nothing new here, is there?
No.
Is that significant?
Does that tell me something?
Oh, I don't know.
Well, it's stuff that's relative.
It all has parts of stuff.
Like this would fit in one of those fireplaces or in one of those houses.
It all has its purpose, all this stuff.
Well, it says Bakery, something Minnesota.
Did you bring those big wooden things all the way down here from Minnesota?
Oh, those are from Bates and Shoes down in the mall.
I tore that block down.
I used them for bookshelving.
Yeah, I thought this has all been brought in.
You brought this all down yourself?
Yeah.
Well, I have these young guys help me now.
Not these particularly.
Well, well, but I mean, how many trips would you say it took them?
Well, 28 truckloads.
28 truckloads.
What size truck?
Uh, 24-foot van.
24-foot van.
Look at these beautiful artworks.
Aren't these nice?
Mm-hmm.
See, this is the quality of stuff that that son of a bitch stole out of the house.
Jeez.
I have, you know, thousands of houses.
Oh, that is exquisite.
You had what?
Thousands and thousands of dollars worth of windows in there that they didn't see.
They were wrapped with paper like this.
Those are gorgeous.
See, that was another one of my main collections of earth glass windows.
Earth, sex, and sky.
Well, are you moderately pleased to see as much as you're seeing?
Yeah.
I don't know how long it'll be here, though.
What do you mean?
This is yours?
Well, yeah, I know it's mine, but I don't know.
They may figure out it's here and come in here and take it all.
They know it's here.
They've been here.
Now, what are all those suitcases, Stephen?
There must be 100 suitcases.
Well, I used to pack books in those.
They don't crush.
You know, go to the salary chart and buy them for a buck or a yard sale.
Books and they're much better than boxes.
And you can carry them.
Yeah.
No, I'm afraid of this.
See, then they'll get a wild hair up their ass and come in here and take this stuff too.
They want to clean me out, you know?
What's this stuff?
These are bottle caps.
Yeah, I have the bottoms to them.
I got them out of the drugstore.
Well, why would you have a whole box of bottle caps?
Well, I have the bottom of the box.
A lot of the bottoms are somewhere in here, you know.
Well, what's the collectible, not the cap?
What is the collectible?
They're all milk glass bottles with the fiery milk on them.
I'd put them out of the free market and get a quarter piece for them.
Oh.
There must be a hundred dollars in there.
I used to buy art and take contents to places.
On block.
Yeah.
As they say.
That's how Henry Huntington brought his books, on block.
What's that?
The County of Guilford, historic property.
That would be New Hampshire.
I guess.
It's a bronze plaque.
Oh, yeah.
It's on Blackwood.
Thanks.
What did you call him?
Store door.
Search door handles.
It would take you months to go through this place.
Oh, these are the bottles?
No, these are door knobs and they're all door knobs.
These plastic milk plastics.
Yeah.
That's Yeon Town.
There's all the catalogs and stuff from the company's manufacturing.
Isn't that beautiful?
This is the kelp product, Yeon Town, and that's about 1890.
These are all going up.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30.
There's three boxes here.
Not much more over here, too.
These are all records for you.
Come on.
This is from the Redding Harbor Company, Redding, Pennsylvania.
Those are gorgeous, huh?
Wow.
You live in an old house?
Not that old.
Fifteen years old.
We have a few antiques that we like.
They're nothing like that.
Clean or nothing?
Thank you.
That's kind of nice.
Well, what would you call this?
Just describe it for you.
No, that's the wedding of Columbus.